This plug-in forces players to stay within a DEFINED block distance of predefined points whilst exploring.

If you leave the DEFINED block distance, you are blocked...


...and if you try to teleport out, you are prevented from doing so.


NOTE: If you are outside of the border when the border changes or you log in after having borders added, you will be teleported to the NEAREST border centre.

This plug-in just creates an almost physical (it's invisible!) barrier preventing the player from trespassing.

Users can optionally be made exempt from the border limitation, see in config.

USING RADIUS:
I fully understand people wanting to use radius instead of a square border, and it's more mathematically sound.
However I need to make sure YOU understand what's going on here.



x is the radius, the border originates from the centre, the square is the area you can explore with the default use-radius-only set to false, the circle is what you can explore if it is set to true.

Additionally calculating a circular radius is slightly more computationally expensive than calculating the distance on the x and z axis. ( NOTE: This is ONLY why it is set as default, it is NOT a good enough reason to change your entire world. So set it to radius if you like a circle map! )


USER MANUAL:
(3rd December, 2010 05:51 am)EvilSeph Wrote:  
The system has been completely revamped.

Borders are now setup on the fly, in game by Admins using the /border command.

If you're updating to the Borderlands v2.0, you'll need to EDIT the default "spawn" border that it creates to one that uses the distance/size you want to use (for example, 1000 instead of the default 500), like so:
1. /border edit spawn 1000 true
2. ???
3. PROFIT!?

If you used the warps feature as well, you'll have to either import all your warps in game using /border import warpname distance/size or edit borders.txt.

You need to specify PVP enabled/disabled in a zone with true/false.

Borders can now be set per group by specifying a group name after the distance/size, like so:
/border add adminzone 500 true admins 

Simply use /border and you'll get some help.

I think that's all. Post if you have any issues and we'll try and help you out as best we can.

Edit: I forgot to clarify that "spawn" is not a special keyword or anything, you need to ACTUALLY be at the spawnpoint to recreate the spawn with a larger border otherwise your new "spawn" border will be based on where you're standing when you create it.

For safety reasons, you need to add a dummy border before you delete the default spawn border to increase or decrease its size.

I also looked through the code and see that use-radius-instead is, in fact, used. So you can still choose if you want to use a radius or not 

In SETTINGS: (now under borderLands.txt)

enable-blexempt-permission - Set this to true to prevent players with /blexempt from being blocked. (false)
use-radius-instead - Set this to true if you wish to use circle style borders. (false)
border-hit-msg - Message to send to the client sometimes when they reach a borderline.
teleport-blocked-msg - Message for when a player tries to teleport out of bounds.

THE OTHER SETTINGS HAVE BEEN REMOVED!

Future TO-DO:
Enable / Disable PVP per Zone
Hook Respawn to nearest Border!
Lots more...


Feedback will be greatly appreciated! 
Please consider donating! ( See signature for link. )

Version History:
v2.2 - OUCH!
-- Added PVP enable/disable per border. ( You can't deny PVP inside a border that allows PVP yet. )
-- GREATLY IMPROVED Border bounce method, won't get you stuck in walls and weird stuff anymore!
-- Other bugfixes and optimisations.
KNOWN ISSUE: Attempting to ride a vehicle out of the border will cause a loop of teleports, the only way to stop it currently is to get out of the vehicle, which is not easy.

v2.1 - MOAR!
-- Added edit and exempt commands to the /border system.
-- Added an alias '/bl' as a short version of '/border' ( No longer allows '/b' )
-- You can edit borders safely, without risk of being caught in a no border zone.
-- You can now temporarily exclude (exempt) players from the Border system.
-- Fixed a bunch of bugs!

v2.0 - REVAMP!
-- Borders are now defined separately in borders.txt ( If you have none, it will add spawn for you. )
-- Borders can now have their sizes defined individually. ( This allows for overlap! )
-- You can restrict borders to certain groups. ( Honours inheritance! )
-- You can CREATE new borders on the spot!
-- Added the /border (alias /b) command for adding/removing/importing/listing/warping to borders!
-- You can import warps! ( You just need to specify a distance/size. )
-- You are now returned to the point the border was defined when you are stranded.

v1.25 - Minor bug fixes, solves problems with new configs.

v1.24 - Fixed several major bugs in 1.22/1.23 ... thanks to [ND]unimatrix for testing.

v1.23 - Now 'admins-are-exempt' uses the '/blexempt' command not the Administrator level.

v1.22 - Use of warps now defaults to FALSE, please read the config and change this appropriately!

v1.21 - Now checks for case where player has access to no warps. ( Was previously crashing on join. )

v1.2 - Allowed user driven expansion of borders extending the by existing warp interface!
-- Now optionally uses all the warp points that the user has access too. ( Even if they can't use /warp )
-- Admins are optionally exempt from being blocked. (Defaults to false.)
-- The "on-border-hit" message will only be played a tenth of the time, to prevent chat spam.

v1.1 - New method for preventing teleportation, no more pseudo returning players out of bounds.
-- If a player is out of bounds when the config is changed or plug-in is enabled, they are sent to spawn.
-- If a player or admin attempts to teleport (warp/quickport/poembook/etc.) out, it will be prevented.

v1.01 - Fixed several serious bugs, should have come up in testing. D:

v1.0 - First release.